hello everyone this is mr brain junkie
here and today we're going to be talking
about a science fiction film called
cube be ready for some spoilers ahead
a man wakes up and finds himself in a
strange room with glowing lights
he chooses to open one of the doors only
to see a similar room with different
color
he proceeds to walk in carefully not
knowing what to expect
the man takes a step forward and feels
something hit him very quickly
he starts bleeding everywhere as his
body has been cut into little
pieces by a trap with sharp wires
some time later another man climbs out
into a room with the name
quentin on his jacket and sees someone
lying on the floor
named worth he goes to open the door in
front of him only to
see an orange room that's identical he
closes the door and sees that worth is
conscious now
but still a bit dizzy they hear someone
coming closer and quentin ambushes the
person as she walks in
throwing her on the floor the woman's
name is holloway and she screams in
terror as quentin apologizes for
spooking her
they quickly hear another voice
screaming help from the neighboring room
and quentin rushes to rescue the woman
whose name is leavin
and brings her to safety she breaks her
glasses when she enters
and cowards in fear to the corner of the
room quentin tells everyone to stay put
as there are traps in the rooms which
almost killed him earlier
another man named ren proceeds to open
the door from the rooftop
and enters by climbing down but he seems
rather calm
unlike everybody else he takes off one
of his boots and throws it in the other
room
only to be burned when he activates a
motion sensor trap quentin tells
everyone to stay put and collect
themselves before doing anything rash
he wants to know if anyone remembers how
they got here
but no one seems to recollect they
speculate about who or what built this
place
but doesn't arrive to any useful
conclusion run suggests that they stop
talking and focus on finding a way out
using the boots as a safety measure
to which quentin and the whole team
agrees they climb into a green room and
hears a loud noise
almost like something is moving beside
them ren thinks that it's probably the
air vents and nothing to worry about
liva notices upon entering every room
that there are unique numbers on the
doorway
but the numbers are in the millions and
this could mean that there are millions
of rooms
holloway panics realizing that they only
have about three days without food and
water
before they're incapable of maintaining
normal bodily functions
ren gets annoyed at her whining and
tells her to suck on a button on her
clothing to keep her saliva flowing
they arrived before another room but the
old man tells them it's a trap
as the air's dryness reveals a chemical
sensor
quentin wonders how the man can know so
much about traps then realizes from his
name that he's actually a legendary
escape artist
ren tells them to follow his lead and
focus only on what's in front of them
from now on
or they will be left behind he jumps in
the room but here's a click right
beside him the machine sprays the liquid
on his face
causing him to scream in pain the group
tries to save him but the liquid has
already melted a hole in his face
killing the men they feel hopeless as
even the escape artist has died
quentin stops everyone from giving up
and tries to reassess the situation
he believes that everyone here must have
a function as he's a police officer
and halloway a doctor he wonders what
levin's purpose is
to which she says that she's only a
student quentin notices that all their
personal items were removed except for
levin's glasses
which must have been kept for a reason
he tells her to read the room numbers
again
to which she realizes that all the rooms
with prime numbers were trapped
it turns out that the girl is
exceptional at math and has a
photographic memory
they managed to successfully avoid all
the rooms with traps by using levin's
methods
the group arrives in the room where all
the doors lead to traps except for the
door to the roof
clinton climbs up to open the door only
to see a man drop right down
on leaving almost breaking her neck his
name is kazan
but he doesn't seem to be all there as
he hits himself on the head repeatedly
holloway stops him and decides to take
care of him while all the others believe
that he's a burden to the group
leaven clears another room and quentin
jumps right into it
but he stops immediately as he sees
something in front of him
the trap almost kills him but quentin
manages to escape with only a cut on his
leg
he tells worth to shut up kazan as he
suffers in pain
leaven doesn't understand how her system
can be wrong
and decides to work out the numbers
while everyone rests
quintin becomes suspicious of worth as
he's the only one who refused to help
nor revealed what his job was prior to
being here
he manages to trick worth into talking
and reveals that he actually
worked on designing this place as a job
but only the outer shells
this angered everyone especially the
police officer as he could have told
them valuable information helping their
escape
worth tells levin the precise dimension
of the entire
structure and that the outer shell takes
the form of a cube
this makes her realize that the room
numbers are actually cartesian
coordinates used to plot their locations
which tells them where they are in the
building with this information
levin calculates that there are only
seven rooms from the outside
they move forward but notices that all
the exterior rooms are trapped
what's even weirder is that they arrived
in a room where the coordinates tell
them that they're outside of the cube
which clearly isn't possible not wanting
to bat
track they try to go through a room with
traps that are activated by
sound they go through it carefully one
by one
but kazan shouts at the last minute
almost killing quentin in the process
furious at what happened quentin wants
to get rid of kazan but holloway refuses
the two gets into a fight where holloway
insinuates that quentin is abusive and
likes young girls
which prompts him to hit her across the
face leaven stops them from fighting and
tells worth to open the door to the
outside
to their surprise they only see darkness
and a gap between the cube's exterior
and
wall holloway volunteers to drop outside
while the others hold her with a rope
made from their jackets
she tries to leap towards the other side
but nearly drops herself
quentin manages to catch her but in the
last moment
decides to drop her to her death he lies
to the group and tells them that
holloway slipped
but even runs in disbelief while
everyone is sleeping
quintin brings the young girl to another
room and tries to abandon everyone while
seducing her
to which levin rejects in disgust worth
rushes in and tries to stop him but is
only thrown into another room like a
ragdoll by the police officer
luckily he didn't die from the fall nor
the traps but laughs hysterically as
everyone calmed down from the top
to their surprise the group finds ren's
body in the room
implying that they have been going in
circles
everyone falls into despair as they have
no idea what's going on
worth decides to open another door on
the wall and is shocked when he sees
it's the outside
again this can't be possible since it
used to be the trapped room that killed
ren in the first place
the only logical conclusion is that the
rooms have been moving this whole time
leaving realizes that the room numbers
not only tell them where
they are but also where it's going to be
she speculates that the room which
placed them outside of the cube
must have been a bridge that allows them
to leave however
it has to be the correct room and they
have to be there at the correct time she
also figured out that the trap rooms are
marked not by prime numbers but rather
by the power of a prime number
the problem is that there's no way she
can calculate a number that is so large
just when quentin is fighting with levin
about factoring the numbers
kazan shouts out the answers
effortlessly they realize that kazan is
actually a savant who can factor
extremely large numbers and they
successfully confirm the safety for the
next room
quentin has lost his mind at this point
and proceeds to throw worth into the
room while forcing kazan and levin to do
the calculations
they try to lock him behind but fails as
the man is too strong
worth manages to trick him by luring him
into a room and dropping him below
apparently killing him as a result they
continue forwards
arriving in the room ahead of time and
seeing the other cubes move into place
levin and worth cross through the
doorway but suddenly the room begins
moving away
taking kazan with it as well luckily
they still hear his voice after the
movement was completed
suggesting that kazan is not far away
worth decides to bring him back and
jumps into the room
right on top of kazan's worried about
their safety and pacing around
leavin accidentally steps on a piece of
glass which she noticed that it came
from her glasses when she broke it in
the beginning
worth manages to bring kazan back and
reunites with levin
just in time before their room moves
again when they get up
levin opens the door only to see
blackness outside
she tells worth to not worry and wait
for the cube to move into place in fact
she tells them that they're currently in
the room that they first
started in the final room acting as a
bridge comes down from above
and kazan confirms that it's void of
traps
they go into the red room and kazan
opens the final door
showing bright lights leading to the
outside but worth decides to stay here
as he doesn't believe there is anything
outside for him
in the world full of human stupidity
levin tries to convince him to leave
but suddenly she feels someone stab her
from the back
it turns out that quentin survived the
fall and manages to make it back to
their room as well
worth tries to fight him but gets beat
up easily and stabbed in the stomach
kazan opens the door and gets out while
quentin tries to follow behind
with one leg stuck in the doorway worth
grabs onto quinton while the room is
moving away
and rips his body into pieces in his
final moment
worth crossed towards levin planning to
die alongside her
kazan being the only one who survived
walks towards the bright light
and vanishes so what do you guys think
about this movie
let me know in the comments below and if
you like my video
please press like and subscribe for more
i'll see you guys next time